Ihr2 2633 - Envelope and expand functionality (#225)
dotwebstack/dotwebstack-framework: service/openapi/README.md

            items:
              type: string
              enum: ['name', '-description']
```

# 1.1.4 Expand parameter

> By default only the scalar fields on a GraphQL objects are returned. This means that in the following example, only the

Reviewer: Dit lijkt me niet de bedoeling.... Toch, @joostfarla ?

name is returned by default:

```graphqls
type Brewery {
  name: String,
  beers: [Beer]
}
``` 

It is still possible to expand a query to graphql by adding a parameter with `x-dws-type: expand`. This parameter can be
of type `string` or `array` and the values should refer to a field in GraphQL: 

```yaml
name: expand  
  x-dws-type: expand
  in: query
  schema:
    type: array
    default: ['beers']
    items:
      type: string
      enum: ['beers', 'beers.ingredients', 'beers.supplements']
```

> In the example the expand parameter is used to join the `beers` by default. The GraphQL query is expanded to contain the 

Reviewer 2: 'join' is denk ik verwarrend.
```suggestion
In the example the expand parameter is used to include `beers` in the response by default. The GraphQL query is expanded to contain the 
```

scalar fields of the beers object as well. In our `Brewery` model it means that the `name` and `identifier` are returned, 

> but `ingredients` and `supplements` are not, because they are non-scalar objects. In order to expand the query  in this 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
but `ingredients` and `supplements` are not, because they are non-scalar objects. In order to expand the query in this 
```

case with `ingredients`, the user has to provide an expand parameter with value `beers.ingredients`. It is possible to add 

> on object on a lower level with a dotted notation. Parent objects are added to query automatically. This means that when 

Reviewer 2: Deze zin klopt niet. Zoiets?
```suggestion
It is possible to expand lower level fields with a dotted notation, without explicitly expanding the parent objects. 
```

you expand the query with `beers.ingredients` it is not necessary to provide a separate expand value for `beers`. However,
when you add the `beers` value too, it is skipped the second time.  

In the example you can see usage of the `default` and `enum` flags. It is possible to use these to expand the query by 
default with one or more values and to restrict which values can be expanded.  

# 1.1.5 Type mapping
Type definitions in the schema are mapped to GraphQL types based on their name. For example, the following OpenAPI type 

```yaml
components:
  schemas:
    Beer:
      type: object
```

will be mapped to the `Beer` type defined in `schema.graphqls`:

Similarly, properties defined in the OpenAPI type are mapped to GraphQL type fields based on their name.
When defining an openAPI type, properties are restricted to a subset of the fields of the corresponding GraphQL type.

# 1.1.6 Envelope type

> It is also possible to add fields to an OpenApi response that are not in the GraphQL response. An example can be seen in

Reviewer 2: Kort beschrijven in welke situatie je dit zou willen?
